  BARYAPPS SPÓLKA Z OGRANICZONA ODPOWIEDZIALNOSCIA SPÓLKA KOMANDYTOWA
Professional Combined Insurance Renewal Report 18 October 2018
 Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
1

  Contents
Professional combined insurance quotation 3 Our independence and what this means for you as our client 5
Demands and needs, suitability statement and your insurance requirements
6
Your guide to notifications and claims 7 Our Terms of Business 8
Confidentiality Statement
It is understood and agreed to that the information and quotations contained within this report contain information that is considered confidential.
It is agreed that you will limit disclosure of confidential Information within your own organisation to your directors, officers, partners, members and/or employees having a need to know and shall not disclose confidential information which includes details of our quotations to any third party (whether an individual, corporation, or other entity) without prior written consent from Apex Insurance Brokers.
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
2

  Insured Insurer
Renewal date Policy Period Profession
Premium Insurer Fee Broker Fee
Total Payable
Endorsements
Subjectivities
Retroactive date
Territorial limit
Jurisdiction limit
Policy wording
Run off and claims advocacy
BARYAPPS SPÓLKA Z OGRANICZONA ODPOWIEDZIALNOSCIA SPÓLKA KOMANDYTOWA
100% Certain Underwriters at Lloyd’s
01/11/2018
12 Months
Custom / Bespoke Software Development
PI Public Liability
£975.00 £250.00 £98.00 £25.00 £150.00
£1,498.00
English Language Agreement Clause Financial Advice Exclusion Clause Legal Advice Exclusion Clause
None 01/11/2017 Worldwide Worldwide TECH ROW v2.1
If for any reason Apex Insurance Brokers ceases to manage and place your professional indemnity programme, fees may be charged in respect of any ongoing claims administration work.
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
3

  INSURING CLAUSE 1: PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY
All sections combined
Aggregate limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Including costs and expenses
SECTION A: ERRORS AND OMISSIONS
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION B: BREACH OF CONTRACT
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION C: SUB-CONTRACTOR VICARIOUS LIABILITY
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION D: CONTINGENT BODILY INJURY AND PROPERTY DAMAGE LIABILITY
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION E: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INFRINGEMENT AND DEFAMATION
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION F: NETWORK SECURITY AND PRIVACY LIABILITY
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION G: REGULATORY COSTS AND FINES
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION H: DISHONESTY OF EMPLOYEES
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION I: PAYMENT OF WITHHELD FEES
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
4

  INSURING CLAUSE 3: GENERAL LIABILITY
SECTION A: PUBLIC LIABILITY
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses Excess £500.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION B: PRODUCTS LIABILITY
Aggregate limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Including costs and expenses
Excess £500.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION C: PERSONAL AND ADVERTISING INJURY
Aggregate limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Including costs and expenses
Excess £500.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
SECTION D: POLLUTION LIABILITY
Aggregate limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Including costs and expenses
Excess £500.00 Each and every claim, including costs and expenses
INSURING CLAUSE 6: LOSS MITIGATION
Limit of liability £1,000,000.00 Each and every claim Excess £1,000.00 Each and every claim
INSURING CLAUSE 7: REPUTATION AND BRAND PROTECTION
Aggregate limit of liability £50,000.00
Excess £0.00 Each and every claim
INSURING CLAUSE 8: COURT ATTENDANCE COSTS
Aggregate limit of liability £50,000.00 Sub-limited to £1,000.00 per day Excess £0.00 Each and every claim
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
5

  Apex Insurance Brokers - We only act for you, our client
Being independent means that we can truly put you at the heart of everything we do. Unlike the majority of our competitors, we never act for insurance companies when placing your insurance programmes.
Suitability statement, your requirements and demands and needs statement
We have taken into account your current level of professional indemnity and the information you have provided to us on your proposal form and any other supplementary questionnaires.
We have also highlighted your duty to disclose all information that will, or may, have an influence on an insurers understanding of your risk profile.
Your duty of presentation is not limited to adverse features and extends to matters of which you ought to be aware in the ordinary course of your business.
Failure to disclose information to insurers may entitle them to avoid claims and cancel the insurance contract.
Your demands
We offer a complete insurance consultancy service and are able to assist you with regard to the following areas:
· Property insurance;
· Professional indemnity insurance;
· Fleet insurance;
· Office insurance;
· Employers and public liability insurance;
· Directors and officers liability insurance;
· Crime and fidelity insurance; and
· Home and contents insurance.
Please note that in accordance with your instructions I have provided advice focused in relation to only professional indemnity insurance.
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
6

  Suitability statement
This section details the basis on which we made our selection of insurers. We are able to carry out a fair analysis of the market, approach a limit number of insurers or a single insurer. The full details of the markets we have approached are available on request.
We have approached a limited number of markets based on our experience and understanding of suitable insurers. We deem the terms contained within this report as suitable for your requirements.
Demands and needs
  Insured
Profession
Type of cover
Current level of indemnity
Your request for cover and any additional requirements
BARYAPPS SPÓLKA Z OGRANICZONA ODPOWIEDZIALNOSCIA SPÓLKA KOMANDYTOWA
Custom / Bespoke Software Development
Professional Combined Insurance
£1,000,000.00 (PI) ££1,000,000.00 (PL)
None
                              Please contact a member of the Apex Insurance Brokers team immediately if there is anything in this statement that is incorrect or that you wish to be amended.
   Payment Options:
BACS Transfer:
Account Number: 61769037 Sort Code: 60-08-24
Instalment Facility:
Further details on application
Credit or Debit card: Please speak to your advisor for details
               Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
7

  A guide to notifying claims and circumstances that may give rise to a claim under your policy
Professional Indemnity policies (PI) are usually written on a ‘claims made’ basis. This means the policy which will respond to a claim and govern the terms of cover will be the policy in force when the claim is first made against you and notified to insurers (or when a circumstance which might give rise to a claim is first notified to insurers and accepted).
Claims are not usually difficult to identify (e.g. a solicitor’s or client’s letter demanding or making an intention to seek civil compensation or damages). However a ‘circumstance’ can be defined as an occurrence, matter, omission or act which may give rise to a claim under the policy.
Examples of ‘Circumstances’ can include:
• Direct or indirect criticism about the performance or services provided by you
• A dispute about performance or services
• A client questioning your fees or a fee dispute
• Your own awareness of a failure in performance or services
• Any spurious accusations of failure from a third party
All claims and circumstances should be notified immediately to Apex Insurance Brokers.
Any delay in notification could result in the claim being denied cover under the policy.
If you are unsure whether a circumstance is notifiable ALWAYS contact Apex Insurance Brokers for further guidance – never leave this to chance.
If a claim is made against you or your business there are strict rules (Pre Action Protocols) which must be adhered to in relation to any response. Apex Insurance Brokers will guide you through these rules, however if a claim is made against you, in the first instance you must not:
• Make any admissions of liability
• Do anything other than simply acknowledging the letter
• Never make any offers of settlement
• Do not provide details of your PI policy or the fact that insurers have been
informed
• Do not enter into any form of dialogue with the claimant until you have spoken
to us and we have agreed the next steps with your insurers
Failure to comply with the above could mean that a claim is denied cover under the policy.
Our claims advocacy service will be by your side throughout the process. We act for you and not your insurers.
If you are in any doubt whatsoever with regards to the notification procedures please contact us. The above is a guide only and you should always review the conditions precedent to claims notification within your PI policy.
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
8

  Apex Insurance Brokers Limited
St. Nicholas House 31-34 High Street, Bristol. BS1 2AW
TERMS OF BUSINESS AGREEMENT
Please read this document carefully. It sets out the terms on which we agree to act for our clients and contains important regulatory and statutory information.
1. Definitions - “We/us/our” means Apex Insurance Brokers Limited
2. Status - We act as an Independent Insurance Broker and we are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and our FCA
registration no. 52. You can check this on the register by visiting the FCA's website and their contact details are shown on page 4 at the end of this document.
3. Complaints - If you wish to make a complaint, please contact our Complaints Officer at the above address, or telephone our office on 01173 250027. If we cannot settle the complaint satisfactorily, you may be entitled to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service and their contact details are shown on page 4 at the end of this document.
4. Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) - We are covered by the FSCS. You may be entitled to compensation from the scheme if we cannot meet our obligations. If you make a valid claim against us in respect of the investments we arrange for you, and we are unable to meet our liabilities in full, you may be entitled to redress from the FSCS. This depends on the type of business and the circumstances of the claim. Insurance advising and arranging is covered for 100% of the claim with no upper limit and their contact details are shown on page 4 at the end of this document.
5. Scope of Capacity and Services - We act as Independent Intermediaries on behalf of our Clients and are subject to the Law of Agency which imposes duties on us. We are acting as your agent when we are 1) Advising & arranging your insurance cover with insurers to meet your requirements; 2) Helping you with on-going changes you make; 3) Placing insurance on your behalf; 4) Assisting you with a claim you need to make.
6. Products - A list of insurers is available on request. We will advise and make a recommendation for you after we have assessed your needs. This will include the type of cover you seek together with the costs. We will endeavour to conduct a fair analysis of the market place when dealing with your insurance, in the event of us only using one carrier for a particular product; you will be advised at the time of negotiation.
7. Transparency - You will receive information about any fees we receive relating to the product you are being offered. Our remuneration will either be a fee as agreed with you or commission which is a percentage of the premium paid by you, or a combination of both where appropriate. This will include commission, fees, over-rider agreements, profit share arrangements and any volume business deals that your policy may contribute towards. Brokerage/fees are for the policy period and we will retain all brokerage/fees in relation to policies we’ve placed. We are committed to ensuring complete transparency of our remuneration and we will, at your request, fully disclose our remuneration.
8. Duty to Disclose - You are obliged to ensure that the Insurer is provided with full and accurate material circumstances about your risk, now and throughout the lifetime of your policy. A material circumstance is anything that may influence an Insurers judgement in their assessment of your policy, and should include all incidents/losses that you have dealt with yourself without involving an Insurer. A material circumstance could include changes to your business activity, criminal convictions or any financial issues such a potential bankruptcies or CCJ’s. If you are unsure as to whether a circumstance is material, we recommend that it be disclosed. Failure to disclose may entitle the Insurers to refuse to pay part or all of any subsequent claims. Specific obligations also apply as per below depending on your status.
9. Duty of Fair Presentation (Non-Consumer clients) – A non-Consumer is a policyholder acting for purposes within his/her trade, business or profession. Before entering into a contract of insurance, prior to a mid-term alteration and ahead of your policy renewal, it is your statutory duty to make a fair presentation of your risk. This information must be provided in a clear and accessible format. You must disclose, where practical, all material circumstances about your risk, this being information that might affect the judgement of a prudent insurer in deciding whether to accept your risk or not - should you require additional explanation of what constitutes a material circumstance, please contact us immediately. You must make reasonable enquiries before presenting your risk and ensure that all individuals holding knowledge about the risk have been approached in the compilation of this information. If you feel you have not been able to do so, please advise us so we can allow underwriters to make further enquiries if they wish to do so. You must complete any proposal forms or fact finds provided to you, honestly, accurately and in good faith. Any deliberate or reckless misrepresentation may involve part or your entire claim being declined and in some circumstances; the Insurer may be entitled to retain your premium whilst avoiding the policy or apply additional terms to your policy.
10. Conflict of Interests - We act as an independent insurance broker and will act honestly, fairly and in your best interest. Occasionally, a situation might arise where we, or one of our other clients, could potentially have some form of interest in the business that we are transacting for you. If this happens, or we become aware that our interests conflict with yours, we will inform you in writing and ask for your consent before we carry out your instructions, and detail the steps we will take to ensure fair treatment. Occasionally we may attend training events which might be funded by/delivered by insurance providers. These events are designed to enhance our knowledge, therefore enhancing the service we provide for our clients. Further details are available on request.
11. Misrepresentation - the event of a deliberate or reckless misrepresentation, insurers may avoid the contract. Under the Insurance (Disclosure and Representations) Act 2012, a deliberate or reckless misrepresentation is a misrepresentation where you know it to be untrue or misleading (or do not care either way) and that you know (or do not care) that the matter to which it relates is relevant to insurers.
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
9

  12. Void Contract - Insurers may also avoid the contract where a careless misrepresentation has been made. A careless misrepresentation is one that is neither deliberate nor reckless. In such instances, if insurers would not have entered into the contract had the careless misrepresentation not been made, then insurers may be entitled to avoid the contract. However, if insurers would have imposed different terms had the careless misrepresentation not been made, then insurers may be entitled to treat the contract as if those terms applied.
13. Admin Charges – Payment for our services may be by way of:
a) a fee that we agree in advance with you;
b) brokerage/commission, which is a percentage of the insurance premium paid by you and given to us by the insurers with whom we place your business; or
c) reasonable charges in addition to any insurance premiums for the administration, arranging, amending, renewing and cancelling of any policy of insurance.
Payment for our services may be a combination of a), b) and c). The taxation element of any insurance premium is not subject to commission. Upon request, we will be pleased to provide information regarding any earning we may receive or may have received as a result of placing your business.
14. VAT - Under current legislation, most of our services are not subject to VAT. However, should this change in future, or if we become aware that VAT will be due in part, we will notify you before conducting any further work.
15. Use of other intermediaries - Where we consider it to be appropriate and for your benefit, it may be necessary for us to request another broker or intermediary to act as our agent and assist in the placement of your insurance product. In such cases, we will provide specific instructions to such sub-agents so as to meet your insurance requirements.
16. Health & Safety - We cannot be held responsible for any client who fails to comply with current Health & Safety (or other relevant) legislation
17. Payment of Premiums - We normally accept payment by guaranteed cheque or certain credit or debit cards & you should enquire which are
available. You may be able to spread your payment through insurers’ instalment facilities or a finance arrangement. We will give you full information about your payment options when we discuss your insurance.
18. Instructions - To aid clarification and avoid future misunderstanding, we prefer our clients to give us instructions in writing. At our discretion we may accept oral instructions, provided they are confirmed in writing later.
19. Security - We do not guarantee the solvency of any insurer we place business with. A liability for the premium, whether in full or pro rata, may arise under policies where a participating insurer becomes insolvent.
20. Data Protection - The information you may provide us with is subject to the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”). Personal information provided may be maintained on computer records and will not be disclosed to other parties except other businesses within the same group, or any person having a legal entitlement to access. Some services are provided to our firm by third parties, such as obtaining regulatory advice. By signing this document you consent to us or any company associated with us for processing, both manually and by electronic means your personal data. If at any time you wish us, or any company associated with us, to cease processing your personal data or sensitive personal data, please contact ‘The Data Controller’ at the address shown at the top of this letter.
Product providers may administer your policy, any existing policies you may have with them and provide other services, from centres in countries outside Europe (such as India and the USA) that do not always have the same standard of Data Protection laws as the UK. However, they are required to put a contract in place to ensure that your information is adequately protected, and they will remain bound by their obligations under the Data Protection Act even when your personal information is processed outside Europe. Steps are taken to safeguard against unauthorised or unlawful processing and accidental loss or destruction or damage to the data. Subject to some exceptions, you are entitled to have access to your personal and sensitive personal data held by us within a set number of days. You may be charged a fee (subject to the statutory maximum) for supplying you with such data.
21. IMPORTANT- Insurers pass information to the Claims and Underwriting Exchange run by Insurance Database Services Ltd and Theft Register run by the Association of British Insurers. The aim is to check information provided and also prevent fraudulent claims. Other insurance related databases may also be added in the future.
22. Credit Searches - To make sure you get the best offer from Insurers or Third Parties involved in your insurance, i.e. finance providers, now or at any renewal or at any time and to protect their customers from fraud and to verify your identity, they may use publicly available data which they obtain from a variety of sources, including a credit reference agency and other external organizations. Their search will appear on your credit report whether or not your applications proceed.
23. Credit Checks - As well as these searches they or we may use a credit check to ascertain the most appropriate payment options for you. This credit check will also appear on your credit report whether or not your applications proceed. Unless you contact us to confirm you do not wish us to carry out these searches we will assume your consent has been given and proceed as above.
24. Claims - You must notify us as soon as possible of a claim and circumstances which may give rise to a claim. In the event of a claim you should contact us and we will promptly advise you and if appropriate, issue you with a claim form and pass all details to your Insurer. You should not admit liability or agree to any course of action, other than emergency measures carried out to minimise the loss, until you have an agreement from your Insurer. We will remit claims payments to you as soon as possible after they have been received on your behalf. In the event that an insurer becomes insolvent or delays making settlement we do not accept liability for any unpaid amounts.
25. Client Money - In some cases client money is collected in line with a strict agency agreement known as a Risk Transfer and when we collect these premiums, we are acting on behalf of the Insurer. The premiums care is held in accordance with the FCA Client Assets Sourcebook (CASS), with our nominated bank. Holding money in line with CASS ensures your money is protected, and used only for the settlement of Insurer accounts. Any interest we earn on client money and any investment returns will be retained by us for our own use.
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
10

  26. Payment to Third Parties - We may transfer client money to a third person, such as another broker, for effecting a transaction on your behalf through that person.
27. Cancellation Clause - Your insurance may include a cancellation clause. In the event that you fail to pay your premium by the due date the insurance may be cancelled forthwith or by the insurers, giving notice of the cancellation. In the event of cancellation, insurers may return the pro rata premium to us, but you are advised to check your insurance policy for full details of your insurers’ cancellation clause. Once our remuneration has been earned in the event that the insurance is cancelled, our fees or brokerage will not usually be refundable.
28. Financial Crime - The National Crime Agency (NCA) requires us to report any suspicious transactions to them, and we may have to obtain evidence of clients’ identity at the start of a business relationship. For companies, evidence usually consists of a copy of the Certificate of Incorporation or we may check the Companies House register. Where we are required to verify your identity in accordance with regulatory and statutory requirements, no application will be made until such verification has been obtained. This requirement will apply at the beginning of our relationship but on occasion, we may be required to reconfirm your current details. We may use third party online verification in order to assist this process.
29. Future Changes - In accepting this Client Agreement, you agree that we may change the future content without receiving your prior consent to do so.
30. Termination - Our services may be terminated without cause or penalty by giving one months notice in writing. In the event that you terminate our services are terminated, other than at the expiry of the policy, we will be entitled to retain any fees and all of the brokerage payable. The responsibility for handling claims reported after the date of termination shall, in the absence of an express agreement, be the responsibility of the party taking over the role.
31. Law and Jurisdiction - These Terms of Business shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Business, we both irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
32. Insurer Solvency - We cannot and do not guarantee the solvency or continuing solvency of any insurer used. You should note that the financial position of an insurer can change after cover has incepted.
CONTACT DETAILS
The FCA can be contacted at:
25 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London. E14 5HS or telephone 0800 111 6768. FCA website: http://www.fsa.qov.uk/Paqes/reqister/index.shtml
The FOS can be contacted at:
Exchange Tower, London. E14 9SR or telephone 0800 023 4567
FCA website: http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/publications/consumer-leaflet.htm
The FSCS can be contacted at:
10th Floor, Beaufort House, 15 Botolph Street, London. EC3A 7QU or telephone 0800 678 1100. FSCS website: http://www.fscs.org.uk
Apex Insurance Brokers Ltd is registered in England and Wales under number 07014570 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 724952. Our registered office is c/o Westcas, D2 White House Business Centre, Forest Road, Kingswood, Bristol BS15 8DH.
11
